Update the mongoDB connector guide (#1155)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/mongodb-connector/mongodb-connector-example.md

4. Select Java from the **Driver** menu.

5. Select the correct driver version from the **Version**(`4.3 or later`) menu.

6. Clear the **Include full driver code example** check box to get the connection string.

> ## Copy the MongoDB driver jars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Copy the MongoDB driver JAR files
```

> Copy the following jars to the `MI_HOME/drophins` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the following JAR files to the `<MI_HOME>/dropins` directory.
```
